Modify rule S1321: Adapt to LaYC (#2540)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S1321/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Using the `with` construct in JavaScript is generally considered a bad practice and is strongly discouraged. The `with` statement introduces a new scope, where properties of an object can be accessed directly without having to specify the object's name explicitly.

Reviewer: I would start first with description of what it does

```suggestion
The `with` statement introduces a new scope, where properties of an object can be accessed directly without having to specify the object's name explicitly. However, using it is generally considered a bad practice and is strongly discouraged.
```

While it might seem convenient at first, it can lead to several issues:

* The `with` statement can make code more ambiguous and harder to read. When reading the code, it becomes unclear where variables or properties are coming from, as they can be from the object in the `with` statement or any of its parent scopes.
* The `with` statement negatively impacts performance. JavaScript engines have a harder time optimizing code with `with` because it adds uncertainty to variable lookups, which can result in slower execution.
* Using `with` can lead to bugs that are difficult to identify and troubleshoot. If a variable is not found in the object within the `with` statement or its parent scopes, JavaScript will create a new global variable instead, potentially leading to unexpected behavior.

As a result of these issues, ECMAScript 5 (ES5) strict mode explicitly forbids the use of the `with` statement. Strict mode was introduced to enhance code safety and maintainability, and it helps to catch potential issues and discourage the use of problematic language features.

> [source,javascript,diff-id=1;diff-type=noncompliant]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
```

just noticed that you used semicolons instead of colons. we should double check other PRs we did. also, to be checked if the diff actually works when using semicolon

Author: I checked my last five PRs and they are all good.

----
let x = 'a';

let foo = {
  y: 1
};

with (foo) { // Noncompliant
  y = 4;     // Updates 'foo.y'
  x = 3;     // Does not add a 'foo.x' property; updates the variable 'x' in the outer scope instead
}

console.log(foo.x + " " + x); // Prints: undefined 3
----

Instead of using `with`, it's best to write more explicit code, accessing object properties directly without relying on the with construct.

> [source,javascript,diff-id=1;diff-type=compliant]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
```
